hey guys i just wanted to quickly
apologized for not uploading any videos
i recently started school so I've been
super busy and we're going to be Cuban
arcane and then got this to legendary so
hopefully we can get some seventy
percent balls or maybe something better
right here we go we got twenty four
cubes so hopefully hopefully doesn't
take that many but here we go and okay
that's a good start thirty percent balls
twelve percent total damage okay know
what I do because I've never used these
cubes before de way ok do one more try
or should I say um I'm just going to
what happens if i select is applied
after okay let's just keep going and
let's see next one thirty percent
balsamic again okay um one more try
let's see come on so how many percent
boss that's all I need magic attack and
ends okay come on thirty percent boss
again come on I just need forty percent
pause what do percent and thirty percent
okay twenty percent magic attack again
Wow twenty-seven percent decks Wow I
should probably started queuing some
gear because I would have been sexy on
something and okay not really liking
these cubes at all nine percent attack
okay come on skinny 74 simple thirty
percent box in the middle line I wish I
could just lock this middle line and
then keep the other two imagine we could
do that eighteen percent strength okay
come on it's not looking good at all
come on let's get it seventy percent
boss that's all I need or thirty percent
attack Oh twenty percent boss and 12%
attack mmm I've got top line was twelve
percent of taco probably would have kept
this but mmm twenty percent plus twelve
percent attack hunters that like mm-hmm
I don't think that's seventy percent
ball so we're gonna keep going and what
happened think um I think I froze not
sure if I froze or not let's see
no I'm not frozen I wonder what happened
let's keep going oops thirty percent I
was like wait what so confused right now
but let's keep going thirty percent boss
nine percent attack okay getting closer
come on I'm not liking these cubes come
on there we go oh nevermind we got two
lines of boss but it's only fifty five
percent I really thought we got it right
there I thought it was 35 and 40 oh come
on he's serious right now thirty percent
pots I should have kept that other line
at least for now whoops wasn't thinking
come on Wow like that twenty one percent
luck and i was saying critical come on
seventy percent boss give it to me come
on come on come on come on come on Wow
fifteen percent all stats and nine
percent attack wow that's pretty crazy
come on just give me something good I
can keep no two more can we do it in two
cubes there we go seventy percent balls
twelve percent int that's what I'm
talking about oh that int is going to
kill me Mike my whip had I think it's
the exact same potential except it was
how do you say it um nine percent magic
attack and we get twelve percent means
but ok that's not mess this up Carlos
what are we going to do we're gonna look
at us select this apply after potential
okay let it reply and just heard my
doorbell so um tell me % boss what
percent in let's do this last cube and
see what we get and maybe we'll get
something even better and wow twenty one
percent attack twenty percent boss I I
mmm wow I don't even know what's select
right now and someone's at the door so I
gotta be right back and I think I'm
gonna be keeping this twenty one percent
attacked twenty percent boss I think
it's better I really hope it is but i'm
just gonna probably put like a boss
night light on it and i'm going to
select this before I lose it so
hopefully I'm making the right decision
if I'm not then oh well but there we go
twenty one percent attack twenty percent
boss damage wow that one extra cube I'm
just loving these black cubes because if
this was any other cube I wouldn't be
able to do this and yeah I mean here we
go just even or even closer to play my
phantom again all I need now is a bit
more an X and then hopefully we should
be able to do some boss videos but
thanks for watching guys and make sure
leave me a comment down below if you
think I should have kept seventy percent
bonds or if you think this is better but
let me know down below and thanks for
watching and I'll see you guys the next
episode hope you guys enjoyed that video
and if you did make sure to leave a like
and also make sure to subscribe so you
know when the next episode will be out I
ended up going with 21-percent attack
just because I can get boss nebu lights
and then there's also a new class coming
out that gives us % boss so I figured %
attack would be better and hopefully it
is even if it's not I can always just
use another black cube and I can save
the potential and hopefully maybe get
something better so who knows what will
happen but for now I'm going to keep
that and we're so much closer to plan
phantom again I can't wait I just need a
bit more stuff to do and we should be
ready to kill some bosses so hopefully
you guys are excited and i'll see you
guys next time